README.md, before:

# AR (AutoResponder) Express Bot Starter

This starter template provides a foundation for building a **WhatsApp bot** using AutoResponder Web Server based on **Express**, designed to run in any environment that supports Node.js.

## Features

- **[Express](https://expressjs.com/)**: Utilizes the Express framework to handle the web server for receiving and sending WhatsApp messages via AutoResponder.

## Getting Started

1. [Fork](https://github.com/itsreimau/ar-express-bot-starter/fork) this repository.

2. Clone the repository to your local machine:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/ar-express-bot-starter.git
   cd ar-express-bot-starter
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

4. Start the bot:

   You can run the bot directly with:
   ```bash
   node index.js
   ```

5. Your WhatsApp bot should now be running and ready to use!

## Contributing

Feel free to contribute by opening issues or pull requests. Your feedback and contributions are highly appreciated.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

docs: Update README with archive notice and formatting

README.md, after:

# AR (AutoResponder) Express Bot Starter  

This starter template provides a foundation for building a **WhatsApp bot** using AutoResponder Web Server based on **Express**, designed to run in any environment that supports Node.js.  

⚠️ **This repository has been archived and is no longer maintained.**  

## Features  

- **[Express](https://expressjs.com/)**: Utilizes the Express framework to handle the web server for receiving and sending WhatsApp messages via AutoResponder.  

## Getting Started  

1. **Fork** this repository (if necessary).  

2. **Clone** the repository to your local machine:  
   ```bash  
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/ar-express-bot-starter.git  
   cd ar-express-bot-starter  
   ```  

3. **Install dependencies**:  
   ```bash  
   npm install  
   ```  

4. **Set up configuration variables**:  
   Rename the `.env.example` file to `.env` and update the configurations accordingly.  

5. **Start the bot**:  
   Run the bot using:  
   ```bash  
   node index.js  
   ```  

6. **Your WhatsApp bot should now be running and ready to use!**  

## Contributing  

Since this repository has been archived, contributions such as issues and pull requests are no longer accepted.  

## License  

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
